# Email sent December 13, 2015

Dear John (Laing), John (Graves), Dilrukshi, and Sagarika:

I hope you're all doing well.  In most cases I haven't been in touch
with you for a while but I wanted to check in with you about something
I've been thinking about.

The situation is as follows: the Peeragogy group has been having
meetings on Mondays at 6PM UK time, but I know that's not a particularly
friendly time for those people living in the Eastern Hemisphere.

So I was thinking that since I am at the 0Â° of longitude here in London,
I owe it to the people in the Eastern Hemisphere to set up another
meeting at a time that might be more suitable.

I know there are more than just the four of you who might be interested.
Just today I spoke with someone in Syria for example!  However, if you
are interested, you could be a "critical mass" for this effort.

So, my question: Would you be interested in joining some regular calls
related to Peeragogy, if they were taking place at -- for example -- 6AM
UK time on Fridays, rather than 6PM UK time on Mondays?  (Of course, if
you'd like to join some calls like this, but another time would be
better, please suggest it!)

***

A somewhat related update is heads in a rather different direction.  I
been thinking that I will take some time "off" from the peeragogy
project in order to focus on work -- and look for my next "day job".

But if we're going to get an Eastern Hemisphere hangout series going, I
feel like I should at least help with that first.  That said there is no
obligation to say "yes", of course!  However, I wanted to be sure to
invite you all, since it occurred to me that starting up regular Eastern
Hemisphere meetings would effectively double our collective "bandwidth"
in the project.

If you would be interested to join one or more "exploratory" meetings, I
can tell you a bit more about the status of the project and we could
talk together about what we might do.  If that's of interest please let
me know what days/times might work, and whether Google Hangouts or Skype
is better.  And if joining meetings about peeragogy is not your cup of
tea at the moment, no worries.

I wish you well with all of your projects and efforts, and of course
send you good wishes for 2016!

With kind regards,

Joe
